Oh, Mom.
Why are you back?
Your son has made you feel wronged.
Feng Haicai, just because you still want to take Huaqing
Zhang Hui, your appetite is not small, hahaha.
I didn't expect you to come back so soon.
I miscalculated. If I had known, I would have done it earlier.
What are you laughing at?
What's so funny?
I laugh at your stupidity
I laugh at you for not knowing the sky is high and the earth is thick
Do you really think I'm traveling?
I tell you I've been in Jiangzhou
What do you mean?
Didn't go Xiaofei
I hope you understand me.
I want to see you grow
I also want to see it without me
Where can you go
I'd rather know
Who is this traitor within us?